OP-1141 Default password suggestions doc (#239)
informatici/openhospital-doc: doc_admin/AdminManual.adoc

. Consideration should be given to using the OpenFire plugin to automatically add new users to a group (e.g., registration plugin https://www.igniterealtime.org/projects/openfire/plugins/registration.jar)

[#default-credentials-properties]
=== 3.10 default_credentials.properties

Open Hospital is packaged with a login "hint" visible only if the _default_credentials.properties_ file is found.

image:image23.png[image,width=357,height=177]

> NOTE: mouse over the "i" icon to see the hint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Mouse over the "i" icon to see the hint.
```

> To remove the hint, is enough to delete this file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To not show the hint just delete the _default_credentials.properties_ file. 
```

The original values are found in _default_credentials.properties.dist_ and _default_demo_credentials.properties.dist_ files.

[source,properties]
----
# Default credentials
admin:admin
guest:guest
----

[source,properties]
----
# Default credentials
admin:admin
guest:guest
laboratorist:laboratorist
doctor:doctor
----

> NOTE: is always recommended to change the admin user password in production env.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: It is always recommended to change the **admin** user password in a production environment.
```
